#summary How to use these classes.
#labels Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

= Actionscript 2 =

First of all you would need to checkout the AS2 version of *unitescore* from the [http://code.google.com/p/cunitescore/source/checkout Source page] to your project folder.
Be sure you checkout only the AS2 version, ie:
https://cunitescore.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/as2/unitescore

== Basic use (timeline) ==

If your code is mainly in the timeline, then, in the first frame of your movie import the class and create an instance of it:
{{{
import unitescore.CUniteScoreAS2;

var scoreSubmitter : CUniteScoreAS2 = new CUniteScoreAS2();
}}}
you can as well instantiate the mochiads leaderboard in the same frame:
{{{
scoreSubmitter.initMochiAdsLeaderboard("xxx", "yyy");
}}}
where *"xxx"* is your game mochiad ID and *"yyy"* is your leaderboard ID.

In game over, either when submitting through a button or in the last frame:
{{{
scoreSubmitter.sendScore(score);
}}}
where *score* is the variable name of your game score.

You're done!
Just adding those lines of code your game will post scores to the different portals listed on the [http://code.google.com/p/cunitescore/ Project Homepage].


== Basic use (classes) ==

If you are using classes and your main code is in a class, then, on top of the code from your main class import the CUniteScoreAS2 class:
{{{
import unitescore.CUniteScoreAS2;
}}}
In the class code create a private property:
{{{
private var scoreSubmitter : CUniteScoreAS2;
}}}
In the constructor or any other initialization method, instantiate the class:
{{{
scoreSubmitter = new CUniteScoreAS2();
}}}
you can as well instantiate the mochiads leaderboard in the same method:
{{{
scoreSubmitter.initMochiAdsLeaderboard("xxx", "yyy");
}}}
where *"xxx"* is your game mochiad ID and *"yyy"* is your leaderboard ID.

In game over, either when submitting through a button or in a specific method:
{{{
scoreSubmitter.sendScore(score);
}}}
where *score* is the variable name of your game score.

You're done!
Just adding those lines of code your game will post scores to the different portals listed on the [http://code.google.com/p/cunitescore/ Project Homepage].